Definition :
 This project is aimed to create api and database for the myntra website.
 So basically I have created logics for giving features to work with database with authentication 
 and interact user, admin and seller fruitfully.


Features:
-> login/Signup page:
        Signup,
        Login,
        Forgot Password,
        Reset Password,
        Update Password,
        Show Profile,
        Update Profile


-> User's Features:
        View Elements, // Home page
        Filter Elements,
        View Categories,
        View Brands,
        View Offers,
        View Products,
        Filter Products by category, brand, offer,
        Search Product by name,
        Add & Remove Products from Cart,
        View Cart,
        Clear Cart,
        Place Order,
        View Orders,
        Cancel Orders.


-> Seller's Features:
        Add Product,
        Update Product,
        Remove And Restore Product,
        Get Orders.


-> Admin's Features:
        Add, Update & Remove  Offers,
        Add, Update & Remove Brands,
        Add, Update & Remove Categories,
        Add, Update & Remove Home Page Elements,
        Get all Users


Functionality : 

1 - Signup/Login :
        User can signup by providing some basic details and login by username and password.

2 - Forgot Password : 
        If any user don't remember their password then they can reset it by providing email linked with acc,
        A mail will be sent to that email address which consist OTP for password resetting,
        Then user will enter OTP for password reset. And new password for further use.

3- Update Password : 
        In this case after login user can change password by providing old password and new password.

4- View and Update Profile : 
        User can view and modify his details.

5- Home Page :
        Home Page consists of elements, that is of Banner, Sliders, Sections of card images i.e categories,
        Anyone can view home page.

6- Filter in home page: 
        One can filter home page elements by offers, element type in query parameters.

7- View Categories, Brands, Offers:
        Anyone can view Categories , offers, brands that is currently available on site.

8- Products: 
        Only sellers can post their products to sell on site, and they can modify their product's details.

9- Product Page: 
        Users can view Products, 
        filter products by offer, category, brand, 
        Search products by product name, (from search bar)

10- Cart : 
        User can add products to their cart, view cart, remove product from cart, clear cart.
        And also place order for all items in cart.

11- Order: 
        After placing order, user can view their orders and can cancel that order.

12- Receive  Order: 
        If any user places order than, Seller of that corresponding product can view that order in his received orders.

13- Admin :
        Admin can add Categories, Home Page Elements, Brands, Offers, 
        Also they can modify them and also remove them.
